A kind in glass and a cousin, a spectacle and nothing strange a single
hurt color and an arrangement in a system to pointing. All this and not
ordinary, not unordered in not resembling. The difference is spreading.


GLAZED GLITTER.

Nickel, what is nickel, it is originally rid of a cover.

The change in that is that red weakens an hour. The change has come.
There is no search. But there is, there is that hope and that
interpretation and sometime, surely any is unwelcome, sometime there is
breath and there will be a sinecure and charming very charming is that
clean and cleansing. Certainly glittering is handsome and convincing.

There is no gratitude in mercy and in medicine. There can be breakages
in Japanese. That is no programme. That is no color chosen. It was
chosen yesterday, that showed spitting and perhaps washing and
polishing. It certainly showed no obligation and perhaps if borrowing is
not natural there is some use in giving.


A SUBSTANCE IN A CUSHION.

The change of color is likely and a difference a very little difference
is prepared. Sugar is not a vegetable.

Callous is something that hardening leaves behind what will be soft if
there is a genuine interest in there being present as many girls as men.
Does this change. It shows that dirt is clean when there is a volume.

A cushion has that cover. Supposing you do not like to change, supposing
it is very clean that there is no change in appearance, supposing that
there is regularity and a costume is that any the worse than an oyster
and an exchange. Come to season that is there any extreme use in feather
and cotton. Is there not much more joy in a table and more chairs and
very likely roundness and a place to put them.

A circle of fine card board and a chance to see a tassel.

What is the use of a violent kind of delightfulness if there is no
pleasure in not getting tired of it. The question does not come before
there is a quotation. In any kind of place there is a top to covering
and it is a pleasure at any rate there is some venturing in refusing to
believe nonsense. It shows what use there is in a whole piece if one
uses it and it is extreme and very likely the little things could be
dearer but in any case there is a bargain and if there is the best thing
to do is to take it away and wear it and then be reckless be reckless
and resolved on returning gratitude.

Light blue and the same red with purple makes a change. It shows that
there is no mistake. Any pink shows that and very likely it is
reasonable. Very likely there should not be a finer fancy present. Some
increase means a calamity and this is the best preparation for three and
more being together. A little calm is so ordinary and in any case there
is sweetness and some of that.

A seal and matches and a swan and ivy and a suit.

A closet, a closet does not connect under the bed. The band if it is
white and black, the band has a green string. A sight a whole sight and
a little groan grinding makes a trimming such a sweet singing trimming
and a red thing not a round thing but a white thing, a red thing and a
white thing.

The disgrace is not in carelessness nor even in sewing it comes out out
of the way.

What is the sash like. The sash is not like anything mustard it is not
like a same thing that has stripes, it is not even more hurt than that,
it has a little top.


A BOX.

Out of kindness comes redness and out of rudeness comes rapid same
question, out of an eye comes research, out of selection comes painful
cattle. So then the order is that a white way of being round is
something suggesting a pin and is it disappointing, it is not, it is so
rudimentary to be analysed and see a fine substance strangely, it is so
earnest to have a green point not to red but to point again.


A PIECE OF COFFEE.

More of double.

A place in no new table.

A single image is not splendor. Dirty is yellow. A sign of more in not
mentioned. A piece of coffee is not a detainer. The resemblance to
yellow is dirtier and distincter. The clean mixture is whiter and not
coal color, never more coal color than altogether.

The sight of a reason, the same sight slighter, the sight of a simpler
negative answer, the same sore sounder, the intention to wishing, the
same splendor, the same furniture.

The time to show a message is when too late and later there is no
hanging in a blight.

A not torn rose-wood color. If it is not dangerous then a pleasure and
more than any other if it is cheap is not cheaper. The amusing side is
that the sooner there are no fewer the more certain is the necessity
dwindled. Supposing that the case contained rose-wood and a color.
Supposing that there was no reason for a distress and more likely for a
number, supposing that there was no astonishment, is it not necessary to
mingle astonishment.

The settling of stationing cleaning is one way not to shatter scatter
and scattering. The one way to use custom is to use soap and silk for
cleaning. The one way to see cotton is to have a design concentrating
the illusion and the illustration. The perfect way is to accustom the
thing to have a lining and the shape of a ribbon and to be solid, quite
solid in standing and to use heaviness in morning. It is light enough in
that. It has that shape nicely. Very nicely may not be exaggerating.
Very strongly may be sincerely fainting. May be strangely flattering.
May not be strange in everything. May not be strange to.


DIRT AND NOT COPPER.

Dirt and not copper makes a color darker. It makes the shape so heavy
and makes no melody harder.

It makes mercy and relaxation and even a strength to spread a table
fuller. There are more places not empty. They see cover.


NOTHING ELEGANT.

A charm a single charm is doubtful. If the red is rose and there is a
gate surrounding it, if inside is let in and there places change then
certainly something is upright. It is earnest.


MILDRED'S UMBRELLA.

A cause and no curve, a cause and loud enough, a cause and extra a loud
clash and an extra wagon, a sign of extra, a sac a small sac and an
established color and cunning, a slender grey and no ribbon, this means
a loss a great loss a restitution.


A METHOD OF A CLOAK.

A single climb to a line, a straight exchange to a cane, a desperate
adventure and courage and a clock, all this which is a system, which has
feeling, which has resignation and success, all makes an attractive
black silver.


A RED STAMP.

If lilies are lily white if they exhaust noise and distance and even
dust, if they dusty will dirt a surface that has no extreme grace, if
they do this and it is not necessary it is not at all necessary if they
do this they need a catalogue.


A BOX.

A large box is handily made of what is necessary to replace any
substance. Suppose an example is necessary, the plainer it is made the
more reason there is for some outward recognition that there is a
result.

A box is made sometimes and them to see to see to it neatly and to have
the holes stopped up makes it necessary to use paper.

A custom which is necessary when a box is used and taken is that a large
part of the time there are three which have different connections. The
one is on the table. The two are on the table. The three are on the
table. The one, one is the same length as is shown by the cover being
longer. The other is different there is more cover that shows it. The
other is different and that makes the corners have the same shade the
eight are in singular arrangement to make four necessary.

Lax, to have corners, to be lighter than some weight, to indicate a
wedding journey, to last brown and not curious, to be wealthy,
cigarettes are established by length and by doubling.

Left open, to be left pounded, to be left closed, to be circulating in
summer and winter, and sick color that is grey that is not dusty and red
shows, to be sure cigarettes do measure an empty length sooner than a
choice in color.

Winged, to be winged means that white is yellow and pieces pieces that
are brown are dust color if dust is washed off, then it is choice that
is to say it is fitting cigarettes sooner than paper.

An increase why is an increase idle, why is silver cloister, why is the
spark brighter, if it is brighter is there any result, hardly more than
ever.


A PLATE.

An occasion for a plate, an occasional resource is in buying and how
soon does washing enable a selection of the same thing neater. If the
party is small a clever song is in order.

Plates and a dinner set of colored china. Pack together a string and
enough with it to protect the centre, cause a considerable haste and
gather more as it is cooling, collect more trembling and not any even
trembling, cause a whole thing to be a church.

A sad size a size that is not sad is blue as every bit of blue is
precocious. A kind of green a game in green and nothing flat nothing
quite flat and more round, nothing a particular color strangely, nothing
breaking the losing of no little piece.

A splendid address a really splendid address is not shown by giving a
flower freely, it is not shown by a mark or by wetting.

Cut cut in white, cut in white so lately. Cut more than any other and
show it. Show it in the stem and in starting and in evening coming
complication.

A lamp is not the only sign of glass. The lamp and the cake are not the
only sign of stone. The lamp and the cake and the cover are not the only
necessity altogether.

A plan a hearty plan, a compressed disease and no coffee, not even a
card or a change to incline each way, a plan that has that excess and
that break is the one that shows filling.


A SELTZER BOTTLE.

Any neglect of many particles to a cracking, any neglect of this makes
around it what is lead in color and certainly discolor in silver. The
use of this is manifold. Supposing a certain time selected is assured,
suppose it is even necessary, suppose no other extract is permitted and
no more handling is needed, suppose the rest of the message is mixed
with a very long slender needle and even if it could be any black
border, supposing all this altogether made a dress and suppose it was
actual, suppose the mean way to state it was occasional, if you suppose
this in August and even more melodiously, if you suppose this even in
the necessary incident of there certainly being no middle in summer and
winter, suppose this and an elegant settlement a very elegant settlement
is more than of consequence, it is not final and sufficient and
substituted. This which was so kindly a present was constant.


A LONG DRESS.

What is the current that makes machinery, that makes it crackle, what is
the current that presents a long line and a necessary waist. What is
this current.

What is the wind, what is it.

Where is the serene length, it is there and a dark place is not a dark
place, only a white and red are black, only a yellow and green are blue,
a pink is scarlet, a bow is every color. A line distinguishes it. A line
just distinguishes it.


A RED HAT.

A dark grey, a very dark grey, a quite dark grey is monstrous
ordinarily, it is so monstrous because there is no red in it. If red is
in everything it is not necessary. Is that not an argument for any use
of it and even so is there any place that is better, is there any place
that has so much stretched out.


A BLUE COAT.

A blue coat is guided guided away, guided and guided away, that is the
particular color that is used for that length and not any width not even
more than a shadow.


A PIANO.

If the speed is open, if the color is careless, if the selection of a
strong scent is not awkward, if the button holder is held by all the
waving color and there is no color, not any color. If there is no dirt
in a pin and there can be none scarcely, if there is not then the place
is the same as up standing.

This is no dark custom and it even is not acted in any such a way that a
restraint is not spread. That is spread, it shuts and it lifts and
awkwardly not awkwardly the centre is in standing.


A CHAIR.

A widow in a wise veil and more garments shows that shadows are even. It
addresses no more, it shadows the stage and learning. A regular
arrangement, the severest and the most preserved is that which has the
arrangement not more than always authorised.

A suitable establishment, well housed, practical, patient and staring, a
suitable bedding, very suitable and not more particularly than
complaining, anything suitable is so necessary.

A fact is that when the direction is just like that, no more, longer,
sudden and at the same time not any sofa, the main action is that
without a blaming there is no custody.

Practice measurement, practice the sign that means that really means a
necessary betrayal, in showing that there is wearing.

Hope, what is a spectacle, a spectacle is the resemblance between the
circular side place and nothing else, nothing else.

To choose it is ended, it is actual and more than that it has it
certainly has the same treat, and a seat all that is practiced and more
easily much more easily ordinarily.

Pick a barn, a whole barn, and bend more slender accents than have ever
been necessary, shine in the darkness necessarily. Actually not aching,
actually not aching, a stubborn bloom is so artificial and even more
than that, it is a spectacle, it is a binding accident, it is animosity
and accentuation.

If the chance to dirty diminishing is necessary, if it is why is there
no complexion, why is there no rubbing, why is there no special
protection.


A FRIGHTFUL RELEASE.

A bag which was left and not only taken but turned away was not found.
The place was shown to be very like the last time. A piece was not
exchanged, not a bit of it, a piece was left over. The rest was
mismanaged.


A PURSE.

A purse was not green, it was not straw color, it was hardly seen and it
had a use a long use and the chain, the chain was never missing, it was
not misplaced, it showed that it was open, that is all that it showed.


A MOUNTED UMBRELLA.

What was the use of not leaving it there where it would hang what was
the use if there was no chance of ever seeing it come there and show
that it was handsome and right in the way it showed it. The lesson is to
learn that it does show it, that it shows it and that nothing, that
there is nothing, that there is no more to do about it and just so much
more is there plenty of reason for making an exchange.


A CLOTH.

Enough cloth is plenty and more, more is almost enough for that and
besides if there is no more spreading is there plenty of room for it.
Any occasion shows the best way.


MORE.

An elegant use of foliage and grace and a little piece of white cloth
and oil.

Wondering so winningly in several kinds of oceans is the reason that
makes red so regular and enthusiastic. The reason that there is more
snips are the same shining very colored rid of no round color.


A NEW CUP AND SAUCER.

Enthusiastically hurting a clouded yellow bud and saucer,
enthusiastically so is the bite in the ribbon.


OBJECTS.

Within, within the cut and slender joint alone, with sudden equals and
no more than three, two in the centre make two one side.

If the elbow is long and it is filled so then the best example is all
together.

The kind of show is made by squeezing.


EYE GLASSES.

A color in shaving, a saloon is well placed in the centre of an alley.


CUTLET.

A blind agitation is manly and uttermost.


CARELESS WATER.

No cup is broken in more places and mended, that is to say a plate is
broken and mending does do that it shows that culture is Japanese. It
shows the whole element of angels and orders. It does more to choosing
and it does more to that ministering counting. It does, it does change
in more water.

Supposing a single piece is a hair supposing more of them are orderly,
does that show that strength, does that show that joint, does that show
that balloon famously. Does it.


A PAPER.

A courteous occasion makes a paper show no such occasion and this makes
readiness and eyesight and likeness and a stool.


A DRAWING.

The meaning of this is entirely and best to say the mark, best to say it
best to show sudden places, best to make bitter, best to make the length
tall and nothing broader, anything between the half.


WATER RAINING.

Water astonishing and difficult altogether makes a meadow and a stroke.


COLD CLIMATE.

A season in yellow sold extra strings makes lying places.


MALACHITE.

The sudden spoon is the same in no size. The sudden spoon is the wound
in the decision.


AN UMBRELLA.

Coloring high means that the strange reason is in front not more in
front behind. Not more in front in peace of the dot.


A PETTICOAT.

A light white, a disgrace, an ink spot, a rosy charm.


A WAIST.

A star glide, a single frantic sullenness, a single financial grass
greediness.

Object that is in wood. Hold the pine, hold the dark, hold in the rush,
make the bottom.

A piece of crystal. A change, in a change that is remarkable there is no
reason to say that there was a time.

A woolen object gilded. A country climb is the best disgrace, a couple
of practices any of them in order is so left.


A TIME TO EAT.

A pleasant simple habitual and tyrannical and authorised and educated
and resumed and articulate separation. This is not tardy.


A LITTLE BIT OF A TUMBLER.

A shining indication of yellow consists in there having been more of the
same color than could have been expected when all four were bought. This
was the hope which made the six and seven have no use for any more
places and this necessarily spread into nothing. Spread into nothing.


A FIRE.

What was the use of a whole time to send and not send if there was to be
the kind of thing that made that come in. A letter was nicely sent.


A HANDKERCHIEF.

A winning of all the blessings, a sample not a sample because there is
no worry.


RED ROSES.

A cool red rose and a pink cut pink, a collapse and a sold hole, a
little less hot.


IN BETWEEN.

In between a place and candy is a narrow foot-path that shows more
mounting than anything, so much really that a calling meaning a bolster
measured a whole thing with that. A virgin a whole virgin is judged made
and so between curves and outlines and real seasons and more out glasses
and a perfectly unprecedented arrangement between old ladies and mild
colds there is no satin wood shining.


COLORED HATS.

Colored hats are necessary to show that curls are worn by an addition of
blank spaces, this makes the difference between single lines and broad
stomachs, the least thing is lightening, the least thing means a little
flower and a big delay a big delay that makes more nurses than little
women really little women. So clean is a light that nearly all of it
shows pearls and little ways. A large hat is tall and me and all custard
whole.


A FEATHER.

A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the
post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted
reserves and loud volumes. It is surely cohesive.


A BROWN.

A brown which is not liquid not more so is relaxed and yet there is a
change, a news is pressing.


A LITTLE CALLED PAULINE.

A little called anything shows shudders.

Come and say what prints all day. A whole few watermelon. There is no
pope.

No cut in pennies and little dressing and choose wide soles and little
spats really little spices.

A little lace makes boils. This is not true.

Gracious of gracious and a stamp a blue green white bow a blue green
lean, lean on the top.

If it is absurd then it is leadish and nearly set in where there is a
tight head.

A peaceful life to arise her, noon and moon and moon. A letter a cold
sleeve a blanket a shaving house and nearly the best and regular window.

Nearer in fairy sea, nearer and farther, show white has lime in sight,
show a stitch of ten. Count, count more so that thicker and thicker is
leaning.

I hope she has her cow. Bidding a wedding, widening received treading,
little leading mention nothing.

Cough out cough out in the leather and really feather it is not for.

Please could, please could, jam it not plus more sit in when.


A SOUND.

Elephant beaten with candy and little pops and chews all bolts and
reckless reckless rats, this is this.


A TABLE.

A table means does it not my dear it means a whole steadiness. Is it
likely that a change.

A table means more than a glass even a looking glass is tall. A table
means necessary places and a revision a revision of a little thing it
means it does mean that there has been a stand, a stand where it did
shake.


SHOES.

To be a wall with a damper a stream of pounding way and nearly enough
choice makes a steady midnight. It is pus.

A shallow hole rose on red, a shallow hole in and in this makes ale
less. It shows shine.


A DOG.

A little monkey goes like a donkey that means to say that means to say
that more sighs last goes. Leave with it. A little monkey goes like a
donkey.


A WHITE HUNTER.

A white hunter is nearly crazy.


A LEAVE.

In the middle of a tiny spot and nearly bare there is a nice thing to
say that wrist is leading. Wrist is leading.


SUPPOSE AN EYES.

Suppose it is within a gate which open is open at the hour of closing
summer that is to say it is so.

All the seats are needing blackening. A white dress is in sign. A
soldier a real soldier has a worn lace a worn lace of different sizes
that is to say if he can read, if he can read he is a size to show
shutting up twenty-four.

Go red go red, laugh white.

Suppose a collapse in rubbed purr, in rubbed purr get.

Little sales ladies little sales ladies little saddles of mutton.

Little sales of leather and such beautiful beautiful, beautiful
beautiful.


A SHAWL.

A shawl is a hat and hurt and a red balloon and an under coat and a
sizer a sizer of talks.

A shawl is a wedding, a piece of wax a little build. A shawl.

Pick a ticket, pick it in strange steps and with hollows. There is
hollow hollow belt, a belt is a shawl.

A plate that has a little bobble, all of them, any so.

Please a round it is ticket.

It was a mistake to state that a laugh and a lip and a laid climb and a
depot and a cultivator and little choosing is a point it.


BOOK.

Book was there, it was there. Book was there. Stop it, stop it, it was a
cleaner, a wet cleaner and it was not where it was wet, it was not high,
it was directly placed back, not back again, back it was returned, it
was needless, it put a bank, a bank when, a bank care.

Suppose a man a realistic expression of resolute reliability suggests
pleasing itself white all white and no head does that mean soap. It does
not so. It means kind wavers and little chance to beside beside rest. A
plain.

Suppose ear rings, that is one way to breed, breed that. Oh chance to
say, oh nice old pole. Next best and nearest a pillar. Chest not
valuable, be papered.

Cover up cover up the two with a little piece of string and hope rose
and green, green.

Please a plate, put a match to the seam and really then really then,
really then it is a remark that joins many many lead games. It is a
sister and sister and a flower and a flower and a dog and a colored sky
a sky colored grey and nearly that nearly that let.


PEELED PENCIL, CHOKE.

Rub her coke.


IT WAS BLACK, BLACK TOOK.

Black ink best wheel bale brown.

Excellent not a hull house, not a pea soup, no bill no care, no precise
no past pearl pearl goat.


THIS IS THE DRESS, AIDER.

Aider, why aider why whow, whow stop touch, aider whow, aider stop the
muncher, muncher munchers.

A jack in kill her, a jack in, makes a meadowed king, makes a to let.




FOOD


ROASTBEEF; MUTTON; BREAKFAST; SUGAR; CRANBERRIES; MILK; EGGS; APPLE;
TAILS; LUNCH; CUPS; RHUBARB; SINGLE; FISH; CAKE; CUSTARD; POTATOES;
ASPARAGUS; BUTTER; END OF SUMMER; SAUSAGES; CELERY; VEAL; VEGETABLE;
COOKING; CHICKEN; PASTRY; CREAM; CUCUMBER; DINNER; DINING; EATING;
SALAD; SAUCE; SALMON; ORANGE; COCOA; AND CLEAR SOUP AND ORANGES AND
OATMEAL; SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE; A CENTRE IN A TABLE.


ROASTBEEF.

In the inside there is sleeping, in the outside there is reddening, in
the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling. In the
evening there is feeling. In feeling anything is resting, in feeling
anything is mounting, in feeling there is resignation, in feeling there
is recognition, in feeling there is recurrence and entirely mistaken
there is pinching. All the standards have steamers and all the curtains
have bed linen and all the yellow has discrimination and all the circle
has circling. This makes sand.

Very well. Certainly the length is thinner and the rest, the round rest
has a longer summer. To shine, why not shine, to shine, to station, to
enlarge, to hurry the measure all this means nothing if there is
singing, if there is singing then there is the resumption.

The change the dirt, not to change dirt means that there is no beefsteak
and not to have that is no obstruction, it is so easy to exchange
meaning, it is so easy to see the difference. The difference is that a
plain resource is not entangled with thickness and it does not mean that
thickness shows such cutting, it does mean that a meadow is useful and a
cow absurd. It does not mean that there are tears, it does not mean that
exudation is cumbersome, it means no more than a memory, a choice and a
reestablishment, it means more than any escape from a surrounding extra.
All the time that there is use there is use and any time there is a
surface there is a surface, and every time there is an exception there
is an exception and every time there is a division there is a dividing.
Any time there is a surface there is a surface and every time there is a
suggestion there is a suggestion and every time there is silence there
is silence and every time that is languid there is that there then and
not oftener, not always, not particular, tender and changing and
external and central and surrounded and singular and simple and the same
and the surface and the circle and the shine and the succor and the
white and the same and the better and the red and the same and the
centre and the yellow and the tender and the better, and altogether.

Considering the circumstances there is no occasion for a reduction,
considering that there is no pealing there is no occasion for an
obligation, considering that there is no outrage there is no necessity
for any reparation, considering that there is no particle sodden there
is no occasion for deliberation. Considering everything and which way
the turn is tending, considering everything why is there no restraint,
considering everything what makes the place settle and the plate
distinguish some specialties. The whole thing is not understood and this
is not strange considering that there is no education, this is not
strange because having that certainly does show the difference in
cutting, it shows that when there is turning there is no distress.

In kind, in a control, in a period, in the alteration of pigeons, in
kind cuts and thick and thin spaces, in kind ham and different colors,
the length of leaning a strong thing outside not to make a sound but to
suggest a crust, the principal taste is when there is a whole chance to
be reasonable, this does not mean that there is overtaking, this means
nothing precious, this means clearly that the chance to exercise is a
social success. So then the sound is not obtrusive. Suppose it is
obtrusive suppose it is. What is certainly the desertion is not a
reduced description, a description is not a birthday.

Lovely snipe and tender turn, excellent vapor and slender butter, all
the splinter and the trunk, all the poisonous darkening drunk, all the
joy in weak success, all the joyful tenderness, all the section and the
tea, all the stouter symmetry.

Around the size that is small, inside the stern that is the middle,
besides the remains that are praying, inside the between that is
turning, all the region is measuring and melting is exaggerating.

Rectangular ribbon does not mean that there is no eruption it means that
if there is no place to hold there is no place to spread. Kindness is
not earnest, it is not assiduous it is not revered.

Room to comb chickens and feathers and ripe purple, room to curve single
plates and large sets and second silver, room to send everything away,
room to save heat and distemper, room to search a light that is simpler,
all room has no shadow.

There is no use there is no use at all in smell, in taste, in teeth, in
toast, in anything, there is no use at all and the respect is mutual.

Why should that which is uneven, that which is resumed, that which is
tolerable why should all this resemble a smell, a thing is there, it
whistles, it is not narrower, why is there no obligation to stay away
and yet courage, courage is everywhere and the best remains to stay.

If there could be that which is contained in that which is felt there
would be a chair where there are chairs and there would be no more
denial about a clatter. A clatter is not a smell. All this is good.

The Saturday evening which is Sunday is every week day. What choice is
there when there is a difference. A regulation is not active.
Thirstiness is not equal division.

Anyway, to be older and ageder is not a surfeit nor a suction, it is not
dated and careful, it is not dirty. Any little thing is clean, rubbing
is black. Why should ancient lambs be goats and young colts and never
beef, why should they, they should because there is so much difference
in age.

A sound, a whole sound is not separation, a whole sound is in an order.

Suppose there is a pigeon, suppose there is.

Looseness, why is there a shadow in a kitchen, there is a shadow in a
kitchen because every little thing is bigger.

The time when there are four choices and there are four choices in a
difference, the time when there are four choices there is a kind and
there is a kind. There is a kind. There is a kind. Supposing there is a
bone, there is a bone. Supposing there are bones. There are bones. When
there are bones there is no supposing there are bones. There are bones
and there is that consuming. The kindly way to feel separating is to
have a space between. This shows a likeness.

Hope in gates, hope in spoons, hope in doors, hope in tables, no hope in
daintiness and determination. Hope in dates.

Tin is not a can and a stove is hardly. Tin is not necessary and neither
is a stretcher. Tin is never narrow and thick.

Color is in coal. Coal is outlasting roasting and a spoonful, a whole
spoon that is full is not spilling. Coal any coal is copper.

Claiming nothing, not claiming anything, not a claim in everything,
collecting claiming, all this makes a harmony, it even makes a
succession.

Sincerely gracious one morning, sincerely graciously trembling, sincere
in gracious eloping, all this makes a furnace and a blanket. All this
shows quantity.

Like an eye, not so much more, not any searching, no compliments.

Please be the beef, please beef, pleasure is not wailing. Please beef,
please be carved clear, please be a case of consideration.

Search a neglect. A sale, any greatness is a stall and there is no
memory, there is no clear collection.

A satin sight, what is a trick, no trick is mountainous and the color,
all the rush is in the blood.

Bargaining for a little, bargain for a touch, a liberty, an
estrangement, a characteristic turkey.

Please spice, please no name, place a whole weight, sink into a standard
rising, raise a circle, choose a right around, make the resonance
accounted and gather green any collar.

To bury a slender chicken, to raise an old feather, to surround a
garland and to bake a pole splinter, to suggest a repose and to settle
simply, to surrender one another, to succeed saving simpler, to satisfy
a singularity and not to be blinder, to sugar nothing darker and to read
redder, to have the color better, to sort out dinner, to remain
together, to surprise no sinner, to curve nothing sweeter, to continue
thinner, to increase in resting recreation to design string not dimmer.

Cloudiness what is cloudiness, is it a lining, is it a roll, is it
melting.

The sooner there is jerking, the sooner freshness is tender, the sooner
the round it is not round the sooner it is withdrawn in cutting, the
sooner the measure means service, the sooner there is chinking, the
sooner there is sadder than salad, the sooner there is none do her, the
sooner there is no choice, the sooner there is a gloom freer, the same
sooner and more sooner, this is no error in hurry and in pressure and in
opposition to consideration.

A recital, what is a recital, it is an organ and use does not strengthen
valor, it soothes medicine.

A transfer, a large transfer, a little transfer, some transfer, clouds
and tracks do transfer, a transfer is not neglected.

Pride, when is there perfect pretence, there is no more than yesterday
and ordinary.

A sentence of a vagueness that is violence is authority and a mission
and stumbling and also certainly also a prison. Calmness, calm is beside
the plate and in way in. There is no turn in terror. There is no volume
in sound.

There is coagulation in cold and there is none in prudence. Something
is preserved and the evening is long and the colder spring has sudden
shadows in a sun. All the stain is tender and lilacs really lilacs are
disturbed. Why is the perfect reestablishment practiced and prized, why
is it composed. The result the pure result is juice and size and baking
and exhibition and nonchalance and sacrifice and volume and a section in
division and the surrounding recognition and horticulture and no murmur.
This is a result. There is no superposition and circumstance, there is
hardness and a reason and the rest and remainder. There is no delight
and no mathematics.


MUTTON.

A letter which can wither, a learning which can suffer and an outrage
which is simultaneous is principal.

Student, students are merciful and recognised they chew something.

Hate rests that is solid and sparse and all in a shape and largely very
largely. Interleaved and successive and a sample of smell all this makes
a certainty a shade.

Light curls very light curls have no more curliness than soup. This is
not a subject.

Change a single stream of denting and change it hurriedly, what does it
express, it expresses nausea. Like a very strange likeness and pink,
like that and not more like that than the same resemblance and not more
like that than no middle space in cutting.

An eye glass, what is an eye glass, it is water. A splendid specimen,
what is it when it is little and tender so that there are parts. A
centre can place and four are no more and two and two are not middle.

Melting and not minding, safety and powder, a particular recollection
and a sincere solitude all this makes a shunning so thorough and so
unrepeated and surely if there is anything left it is a bone. It is not
solitary.

Any space is not quiet it is so likely to be shiny. Darkness very dark
darkness is sectional. There is a way to see in onion and surely very
surely rhubarb and a tomato, surely very surely there is that seeding. A
little thing in is a little thing.

Mud and water were not present and not any more of either. Silk and
stockings were not present and not any more of either. A receptacle and
a symbol and no monster were present and no more. This made a piece
show and was it a kindness, it can be asked was it a kindness to have it
warmer, was it a kindness and does gliding mean more. Does it.

Does it dirty a ceiling. It does not. Is it dainty, it is if prices are
sweet. Is it lamentable, it is not if there is no undertaker. Is it
curious, it is not when there is youth. All this makes a line, it even
makes makes no more. All this makes cherries. The reason that there is a
suggestion in vanity is due to this that there is a burst of mixed
music.

A temptation any temptation is an exclamation if there are misdeeds and
little bones. It is not astonishing that bones mingle as they vary not
at all and in any case why is a bone outstanding, it is so because the
circumstance that does not make a cake and character is so easily
churned and cherished.

Mouse and mountain and a quiver, a quaint statue and pain in an exterior
and silence more silence louder shows salmon a mischief intender. A
cake, a real salve made of mutton and liquor, a specially retained
rinsing and an established cork and blazing, this which resignation
influences and restrains, restrains more altogether. A sign is the
specimen spoken.

A meal in mutton, mutton, why is lamb cheaper, it is cheaper because so
little is more. Lecture, lecture and repeat instruction.


BREAKFAST.

A change, a final change includes potatoes. This is no authority for the
abuse of cheese. What language can instruct any fellow.

A shining breakfast, a breakfast shining, no dispute, no practice,
nothing, nothing at all.

A sudden slice changes the whole plate, it does so suddenly.

An imitation, more imitation, imitation succeed imitations.

Anything that is decent, anything that is present, a calm and a cook and
more singularly still a shelter, all these show the need of clamor. What
is the custom, the custom is in the centre.

What is a loving tongue and pepper and more fish than there is when
tears many tears are necessary. The tongue and the salmon, there is not
salmon when brown is a color, there is salmon when there is no meaning
to an early morning being pleasanter. There is no salmon, there are no
tea-cups, there are the same kind of mushes as are used as stomachers
by the eating hopes that makes eggs delicious. Drink is likely to stir a
certain respect for an egg cup and more water melon than was ever eaten
yesterday. Beer is neglected and cocoanut is famous. Coffee all coffee
and a sample of soup all soup these are the choice of a baker. A white
cup means a wedding. A wet cup means a vacation. A strong cup means an
especial regulation. A single cup means a capital arrangement between
the drawer and the place that is open.

Price a price is not in language, it is not in custom, it is not in
praise.

A colored loss, why is there no leisure. If the persecution is so
outrageous that nothing is solemn is there any occasion for persuasion.

A grey turn to a top and bottom, a silent pocketful of much heating, all
the pliable succession of surrendering makes an ingenious joy.

A breeze in a jar and even then silence, a special anticipation in a
rack, a gurgle a whole gurgle and more cheese than almost anything, is
this an astonishment, does this incline more than the original division
between a tray and a talking arrangement and even then a calling into
another room gently with some chicken in any way.

A bent way that is a way to declare that the best is all together, a
bent way shows no result, it shows a slight restraint, it shows a
necessity for retraction.

Suspect a single buttered flower, suspect it certainly, suspect it and
then glide, does that not alter a counting.

A hurt mended stick, a hurt mended cup, a hurt mended article of
exceptional relaxation and annoyance, a hurt mended, hurt and mended is
so necessary that no mistake is intended.

What is more likely than a roast, nothing really and yet it is never
disappointed singularly.

A steady cake, any steady cake is perfect and not plain, any steady cake
has a mounting reason and more than that it has singular crusts. A
season of more is a season that is instead. A season of many is not more
a season than most.

Take no remedy lightly, take no urging intently, take no separation
leniently, beware of no lake and no larder.

Burden the cracked wet soaking sack heavily, burden it so that it is an
institution in fright and in climate and in the best plan that there can
be.

An ordinary color, a color is that strange mixture which makes, which
does make which does not make a ripe juice, which does not make a mat.

A work which is a winding a real winding of the cloaking of a relaxing
rescue. This which is so cool is not dusting, it is not dirtying in
smelling, it could use white water, it could use more extraordinarily
and in no solitude altogether. This which is so not winsome and not
widened and really not so dipped as dainty and really dainty, very
dainty, ordinarily, dainty, a dainty, not in that dainty and dainty. If
the time is determined, if it is determined and there is reunion there
is reunion with that then outline, then there is in that a piercing
shutter, all of a piercing shouter, all of a quite weather, all of a
withered exterior, all of that in most violent likely.

An excuse is not dreariness, a single plate is not butter, a single
weight is not excitement, a solitary crumbling is not only martial.

A mixed protection, very mixed with the same actual intentional
unstrangeness and riding, a single action caused necessarily is not more
a sign than a minister.

Seat a knife near a cage and very near a decision and more nearly a
timely working cat and scissors. Do this temporarily and make no more
mistake in standing. Spread it all and arrange the white place, does
this show in the house, does it not show in the green that is not
necessary for that color, does it not even show in the explanation and
singularly not at all stationary.


SUGAR.

A violent luck and a whole sample and even then quiet.

Water is squeezing, water is almost squeezing on lard. Water, water is a
mountain and it is selected and it is so practical that there is no use
in money. A mind under is exact and so it is necessary to have a mouth
and eye glasses.

A question of sudden rises and more time than awfulness is so easy and
shady. There is precisely that noise.

A peck a small piece not privately overseen, not at all not a slice, not
at all crestfallen and open, not at all mounting and chaining and evenly
surpassing, all the bidding comes to tea.

A separation is not tightly in worsted and sauce, it is so kept well and
sectionally.

Put it in the stew, put it to shame. A little slight shadow and a solid
fine furnace.

The teasing is tender and trying and thoughtful.

The line which sets sprinkling to be a remedy is beside the best cold.

A puzzle, a monster puzzle, a heavy choking, a neglected Tuesday.

Wet crossing and a likeness, any likeness, a likeness has blisters, it
has that and teeth, it has the staggering blindly and a little green,
any little green is ordinary.

One, two and one, two, nine, second and five and that.

A blaze, a search in between, a cow, only any wet place, only this tune.

Cut a gas jet uglier and then pierce pierce in between the next and
negligence. Choose the rate to pay and pet pet very much. A collection
of all around, a signal poison, a lack of languor and more hurts at
ease.

A white bird, a colored mine, a mixed orange, a dog.

Cuddling comes in continuing a change.

A piece of separate outstanding rushing is so blind with open delicacy.

A canoe is orderly. A period is solemn. A cow is accepted.

A nice old chain is widening, it is absent, it is laid by.


CRANBERRIES.

Could there not be a sudden date, could there not be in the present
settlement of old age pensions, could there not be by a witness, could
there be.

Count the chain, cut the grass, silence the noon and murder flies. See
the basting undip the chart, see the way the kinds are best seen from
the rest, from that and untidy.

Cut the whole space into twenty-four spaces and then and then is there a
yellow color, there is but it is smelled, it is then put where it is and
nothing stolen.

A remarkable degree of red means that, a remarkable exchange is made.

Climbing altogether in when there is a solid chance of soiling no more
than a dirty thing, coloring all of it in steadying is jelly.

Just as it is suffering, just as it is succeeded, just as it is moist so
is there no countering.


MILK.

A white egg and a colored pan and a cabbage showing settlement, a
constant increase.

A cold in a nose, a single cold nose makes an excuse. Two are more
necessary.

All the goods are stolen, all the blisters are in the cup.

Cooking, cooking is the recognition between sudden and nearly sudden
very little and all large holes.

A real pint, one that is open and closed and in the middle is so bad.

Tender colds, seen eye holders, all work, the best of change, the
meaning, the dark red, all this and bitten, really bitten.

Guessing again and golfing again and the best men, the very best men.


MILK.

Climb up in sight climb in the whole utter needles and a guess a whole
guess is hanging. Hanging hanging.


EGGS.

Kind height, kind in the right stomach with a little sudden mill.

Cunning shawl, cunning shawl to be steady.

In white in white handkerchiefs with little dots in a white belt all
shadows are singular they are singular and procured and relieved.

No that is not the cows shame and a precocious sound, it is a bite.

Cut up alone the paved way which is harm. Harm is old boat and a likely
dash.


APPLE.

Apple plum, carpet steak, seed clam, colored wine, calm seen, cold
cream, best shake, potato, potato and no no gold work with pet, a green
seen is called bake and change sweet is bready, a little piece a little
piece please.

A little piece please. Cane again to the presupposed and ready
eucalyptus tree, count out sherry and ripe plates and little corners of
a kind of ham. This is use.


TAILS.

Cold pails, cold with joy no joy.

A tiny seat that means meadows and a lapse of cuddles with cheese and
nearly bats, all this went messed. The post placed a loud loose sprain.
A rest is no better. It is better yet. All the time.


LUNCH.

Luck in loose plaster makes holy gauge and nearly that, nearly more
states, more states come in town light kite, blight not white.

A little lunch is a break in skate a little lunch so slimy, a west end
of a board line is that which shows a little beneath so that necessity
is a silk under wear. That is best wet. It is so natural, and why is
there flake, there is flake to explain exhaust.

A real cold hen is nervous is nervous with a towel with a spool with
real beads. It is mostly an extra sole nearly all that shaved, shaved
with an old mountain, more than that bees more than that dinner and a
bunch of likes that is to say the hearts of onions aim less.

Cold coffee with a corn a corn yellow and green mass is a gem.


CUPS.

A single example of excellence is in the meat. A bent stick is surging
and might all might is mental. A grand clothes is searching out a candle
not that wheatly not that by more than an owl and a path. A ham is proud
of cocoanut.

A cup is neglected by being all in size. It is a handle and meadows and
sugar any sugar.

A cup is neglected by being full of size. It shows no shade, in come
little wood cuts and blessing and nearly not that not with a wild bought
in, not at all so polite, not nearly so behind.

Cups crane in. They need a pet oyster, they need it so hoary and nearly
choice. The best slam is utter. Nearly be freeze.

Why is a cup a stir and a behave. Why is it so seen.

A cup is readily shaded, it has in between no sense that is to say
music, memory, musical memory.

Peanuts blame, a half sand is holey and nearly.


RHUBARB.

Rhubarb is susan not susan not seat in bunch toys not wild and laughable
not in little places not in neglect and vegetable not in fold coal age
not please.


SINGLE FISH.

Single fish single fish single fish egg-plant single fish sight.

A sweet win and not less noisy than saddle and more ploughing and nearly
well painted by little things so.

Please shade it a play. It is necessary and beside the large sort is
puff.

Every way oakly, please prune it near. It is so found.

It is not the same.


CAKE.

Cake cast in went to be and needles wine needles are such.

This is today. A can experiment is that which makes a town, makes a town
dirty, it is little please. We came back. Two bore, bore what, a mussed
ash, ash when there is tin. This meant cake. It was a sign.

Another time there was extra a hat pin sought long and this dark made a
display. The result was yellow. A caution, not a caution to be.

It is no use to cause a foolish number. A blanket stretch a cloud, a
shame, all that bakery can tease, all that is beginning and yesterday
yesterday we had it met. It means some change. No some day.

A little leaf upon a scene an ocean any where there, a bland and likely
in the stream a recollection green land. Why white.


CUSTARD.

Custard is this. It has aches, aches when. Not to be. Not to be
narrowly. This makes a whole little hill.

It is better than a little thing that has mellow real mellow. It is
better than lakes whole lakes, it is better than seeding.


POTATOES.

Real potatoes cut in between.


POTATOES.

In the preparation of cheese, in the preparation of crackers, in the
preparation of butter, in it.


ROAST POTATOES.

Roast potatoes for.


ASPARAGUS.

Asparagus in a lean in a lean to hot. This makes it art and it is wet
wet weather wet weather wet.


BUTTER.

Boom in boom in, butter. Leave a grain and show it, show it. I spy.

It is a need it is a need that a flower a state flower. It is a need
that a state rubber. It is a need that a state rubber is sweet and sight
and a swelled stretch. It is a need. It is a need that state rubber.

Wood a supply. Clean little keep a strange, estrange on it.

Make a little white, no and not with pit, pit on in within.


END OF SUMMER.

Little eyelets that have hammer and a check with stripes between a
lounge, in wit, in a rested development.


SAUSAGES.

Sausages in between a glass.

There is read butter. A loaf of it is managed. Wake a question. Eat an
instant, answer.

A reason for bed is this, that a decline, any decline is poison, poison
is a toe a toe extractor, this means a solemn change. Hanging.

No evil is wide, any extra in leaf is so strange and singular a red
breast.


CELERY.

Celery tastes tastes where in curled lashes and little bits and mostly
in remains.

A green acre is so selfish and so pure and so enlivened.


VEAL.

Very well very well, washing is old, washing is washing.

Cold soup, cold soup clear and particular and a principal a principal
question to put into.


VEGETABLE.

What is cut. What is cut by it. What is cut by it in.

It was a cress a crescent a cross and an unequal scream, it was
upslanting, it was radiant and reasonable with little ins and red.

News. News capable of glees, cut in shoes, belike under pump of wide
chalk, all this combing.


WAY LAY VEGETABLE.

Leaves in grass and mow potatoes, have a skip, hurry you up flutter.

Suppose it is ex a cake suppose it is new mercy and leave charlotte and
nervous bed rows. Suppose it is meal. Suppose it is sam.


COOKING.

Alas, alas the pull alas the bell alas the coach in china, alas the
little put in leaf alas the wedding butter meat, alas the receptacle,
alas the back shape of mussle, mussle and soda.


CHICKEN.

Pheasant and chicken, chicken is a peculiar third.


CHICKEN.

Alas a dirty word, alas a dirty third alas a dirty third, alas a dirty
bird.


CHICKEN.

Alas a doubt in case of more go to say what it is cress. What is it.
Mean. Potato. Loaves.


CHICKEN.

Stick stick call then, stick stick sticking, sticking with a chicken.
Sticking in a extra succession, sticking in.


CHAIN-BOATS.

Chain-boats are merry, are merry blew, blew west, carpet.


PASTRY.

Cutting shade, cool spades and little last beds, make violet, violet
when.


CREAM.

In a plank, in a play sole, in a heated red left tree there is shut in
specs with salt be where. This makes an eddy. Necessary.


CREAM.

Cream cut. Any where crumb. Left hop chambers.


CUCUMBER.

Not a razor less, not a razor, ridiculous pudding, red and relet put in,
rest in a slender go in selecting, rest in, rest in in white widening.


DINNER.

Not a little fit, not a little fit sun sat in shed more mentally.

Let us why, let us why weight, let us why winter chess, let us why way.

Only a moon to soup her, only that in the sell never never be the cocups
nice be, shatter it they lay.

Egg ear nuts, look a bout. Shoulder. Let it strange, sold in bell next
herds.

It was a time when in the acres in late there was a wheel that shot a
burst of land and needless are niggers and a sample sample set of old
eaten butterflies with spoons, all of it to be are fled and measure make
it, make it, yet all the one in that we see where shall not it set with
a left and more so, yes there add when the longer not it shall the best
in the way when all be with when shall not for there with see and chest
how for another excellent and excellent and easy easy excellent and easy
express e c, all to be nice all to be no so. All to be no so no so. All
to be not a white old chat churner. Not to be any example of an edible
apple in.


DINING.

Dining is west.


EATING.

Eat ting, eating a grand old man said roof and never never re soluble
burst, not a near ring not a bewildered neck, not really any such bay.

Is it so a noise to be is it a least remain to rest, is it a so old say
to be, is it a leading are been. Is it so, is it so, is it so, is it so
is it so is it so.

Eel us eel us with no no pea no pea cool, no pea cool cooler, no pea
cooler with a land a land cost in, with a land cost in stretches.

Eating he heat eating he heat it eating, he heat it heat eating. He heat
eating.

A little piece of pay of pay owls owls such as pie, bolsters.

Will leap beat, willie well all. The rest rest oxen occasion occasion to
be so purred, so purred how.

It was a ham it was a square come well it was a square remain, a square
remain not it a bundle, not it a bundle so is a grip, a grip to shed bay
leave bay leave draught, bay leave draw cider in low, cider in low and
george. George is a mass.


EATING.

It was a shame it was a shame to stare to stare and double and relieve
relieve be cut up show as by the elevation of it and out out more in the
steady where the come and on and the all the shed and that.

It was a garden and belows belows straight. It was a pea, a pea pour it
in its not a succession, not it a simple, not it a so election, election
with.


SALAD.

It is a winning cake.


SAUCE.

What is bay labored what is all be section, what is no much. Sauce sam
in.


SALMON.

It was a peculiar bin a bin fond in beside.


ORANGE.

Why is a feel oyster an egg stir. Why is it orange centre.

A show at tick and loosen loosen it so to speak sat.

It was an extra leaker with a see spoon, it was an extra licker with a
see spoon.


ORANGE.

A type oh oh new new not no not knealer knealer of old show beefsteak,
neither neither.


ORANGES.

Build is all right.


ORANGE IN.

Go lack go lack use to her.

Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.

Whist bottom whist close, whist clothes, woodling.

Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.

Pain soup, suppose it is question, suppose it is butter, real is, real
is only, only excreate, only excreate a no since.

A no, a no since, a no since when, a no since when since, a no since
when since a no since when since, a no since, a no since when since, a
no since, a no, a no since a no since, a no since, a no since.


SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.

Please pale hot, please cover rose, please acre in the red stranger,
please butter all the beef-steak with regular feel faces.


SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.

It was please it was please carriage cup in an ice-cream, in an
ice-cream it was too bended bended with scissors and all this time. A
whole is inside a part, a part does go away, a hole is red leaf. No
choice was where there was and a second and a second.


A CENTRE IN A TABLE.

It was a way a day, this made some sum. Suppose a cod liver a cod liver
is an oil, suppose a cod liver oil is tunny, suppose a cod liver oil
tunny is pressed suppose a cod liver oil tunny pressed is china and
secret with a bestow a bestow reed, a reed to be a reed to be, in a reed
to be.

Next to me next to a folder, next to a folder some waiter, next to a
foldersome waiter and re letter and read her. Read her with her for
less.




ROOMS


Act so that there is no use in a centre. A wide action is not a width. A
preparation is given to the ones preparing. They do not eat who mention
silver and sweet. There was an occupation.

A whole centre and a border make hanging a way of dressing. This which
is not why there is a voice is the remains of an offering. There was no
rental.

So the tune which is there has a little piece to play, and the exercise
is all there is of a fast. The tender and true that makes no width to
hew is the time that there is question to adopt.

To begin the placing there is no wagon. There is no change lighter. It
was done. And then the spreading, that was not accomplishing that needed
standing and yet the time was not so difficult as they were not all in
place. They had no change. They were not respected. They were that, they
did it so much in the matter and this showed that that settlement was
not condensed. It was spread there. Any change was in the ends of the
centre. A heap was heavy. There was no change.

Burnt and behind and lifting a temporary stone and lifting more than a
drawer.

The instance of there being more is an instance of more. The shadow is
not shining in the way there is a black line. The truth has come. There
is a disturbance. Trusting to a baker's boy meant that there would be
very much exchanging and anyway what is the use of a covering to a door.
There is a use, they are double.

If the centre has the place then there is distribution. That is natural.
There is a contradiction and naturally returning there comes to be both
sides and the centre. That can be seen from the description.

The author of all that is in there behind the door and that is entering
in the morning. Explaining darkening and expecting relating is all of a
piece. The stove is bigger. It was of a shape that made no audience
bigger if the opening is assumed why should there not be kneeling. Any
force which is bestowed on a floor shows rubbing. This is so nice and
sweet and yet there comes the change, there comes the time to press
more air. This does not mean the same as disappearance.

A little lingering lion and a Chinese chair, all the handsome cheese
which is stone, all of it and a choice, a choice of a blotter. If it is
difficult to do it one way there is no place of similar trouble. None.
The whole arrangement is established. The end of which is that there is
a suggestion, a suggestion that there can be a different whiteness to a
wall. This was thought.

A page to a corner means that the shame is no greater when the table is
longer. A glass is of any height, it is higher, it is simpler and if it
were placed there would not be any doubt.

Something that is an erection is that which stands and feeds and
silences a tin which is swelling. This makes no diversion that is to say
what can please exaltation, that which is cooking.

A shine is that which when covered changes permission. An enclosure
blends with the same that is to say there is blending. A blend is that
which holds no mice and this is not because of a floor it is because of
nothing, it is not in a vision.

A fact is that when the place was replaced all was left that was stored
and all was retained that would not satisfy more than another. The
question is this, is it possible to suggest more to replace that thing.
This question and this perfect denial does make the time change all the
time.

The sister was not a mister. Was this a surprise. It was. The conclusion
came when there was no arrangement. All the time that there was a
question there was a decision. Replacing a casual acquaintance with an
ordinary daughter does not make a son.

It happened in a way that the time was perfect and there was a growth of
a whole dividing time so that where formerly there was no mistake there
was no mistake now. For instance before when there was a separation
there was waiting, now when there is separation there is the division
between intending and departing. This made no more mixture than there
would be if there had been no change.

A little sign of an entrance is the one that made it alike. If it were
smaller it was not alike and it was so much smaller that a table was
bigger. A table was much bigger, very much bigger. Changing that made
nothing bigger, it did not make anything bigger littler, it did not
hinder wood from not being used as leather. And this was so charming.
Harmony is so essential. Is there pleasure when there is a passage,
there is when every room is open. Every room is open when there are not
four, there were there and surely there were four, there were two
together. There is no resemblance.

A single speed, the reception of table linen, all the wonder of six
little spoons, there is no exercise.

The time came when there was a birthday. Every day was no excitement and
a birthday was added, it was added on Monday, this made the memory
clear, this which was a speech showed the chair in the middle where
there was copper.

Alike and a snail, this means Chinamen, it does there is no doubt that
to be right is more than perfect there is no doubt and glass is
confusing it confuses the substance which was of a color. Then came the
time for discrimination, it came then and it was never mentioned it was
so triumphant, it showed the whole head that had a hole and should have
a hole it showed the resemblance between silver.

Startling a starving husband is not disagreeable. The reason that
nothing is hidden is that there is no suggestion of silence. No song is
sad. A lesson is of consequence.

Blind and weak and organised and worried and betrothed and resumed and
also asked to a fast and always asked to consider and never startled and
not at all bloated, this which is no rarer than frequently is not so
astonishing when hair brushing is added. There is quiet, there certainly
is.

No eye-glasses are rotten, no window is useless and yet if air will not
come in there is a speech ready, there always is and there is no
dimness, not a bit of it.

All along the tendency to deplore the absence of more has not been
authorised. It comes to mean that with burning there is that pleasant
state of stupefication. Then there is a way of earning a living. Who is
a man.

A silence is not indicated by any motion, less is indicated by a motion,
more is not indicated it is enthralled. So sullen and so low, so much
resignation, so much refusal and so much place for a lower and an upper,
so much and yet more silence, why is not sleeping a feat why is it not
and when is there some discharge when. There never is.

If comparing a piece that is a size that is recognised as not a size but
a piece, comparing a piece with what is not recognised but what is used
as it is held by holding, comparing these two comes to be repeated.
Suppose they are put together, suppose that there is an interruption,
supposing that beginning again they are not changed as to position,
suppose all this and suppose that any five two of whom are not
separating suppose that the five are not consumed. Is there an exchange,
is there a resemblance to the sky which is admitted to be there and the
stars which can be seen. Is there. That was a question. There was no
certainty. Fitting a failing meant that any two were indifferent and yet
they were all connecting that, they were all connecting that
consideration. This did not determine rejoining a letter. This did not
make letters smaller. It did.

The stamp that is not only torn but also fitting is not any symbol. It
suggests nothing. A sack that has no opening suggests more and the loss
is not commensurate. The season gliding and the torn hangings receiving
mending all this shows an example, it shows the force of sacrifice and
likeness and disaster and a reason.

The time when there is not the question is only seen when there is a
shower. Any little thing is water.

There was a whole collection made. A damp cloth, an oyster, a single
mirror, a manikin, a student, a silent star, a single spark, a little
movement and the bed is made. This shows the disorder, it does, it shows
more likeness than anything else, it shows the single mind that directs
an apple. All the coats have a different shape, that does not mean that
they differ in color, it means a union between use and exercise and a
horse.

A plain hill, one is not that which is not white and red and green, a
plain hill makes no sunshine, it shows that without a disturber. So the
shape is there and the color and the outline and the miserable centre,
it is not very likely that there is a centre, a hill is a hill and no
hill is contained in a pink tender descender.

A can containing a curtain is a solid sentimental usage. The trouble in
both eyes does not come from the same symmetrical carpet, it comes from
there being no more disturbance than in little paper. This does show the
teeth, it shows color.

A measure is that which put up so that it shows the length has a steel
construction. Tidiness is not delicacy, it does not destroy the whole
piece, certainly not it has been measured and nothing has been cut off
and even if that has been lost there is a name, no name is signed and
left over, not any space is fitted so that moving about is plentiful.
Why is there so much resignation in a package, why is there rain, all
the same the chance has come, there is no bell to ring.

A package and a filter and even a funnel, all this together makes a
scene and supposing the question arises is hair curly, is it dark and
dusty, supposing that question arises, is brushing necessary, is it,
the whole special suddenness commences then, there is no delusion.

A cape is a cover, a cape is not a cover in summer, a cape is a cover
and the regulation is that there is no such weather. A cape is not
always a cover, a cape is not a cover when there is another, there is
always something in that thing in establishing a disposition to put
wetting where it will not do more harm. There is always that disposition
and in a way there is some use in not mentioning changing and in
establishing the temperature, there is some use in it as establishing
all that lives dimmer freer and there is no dinner in the middle of
anything. There is no such thing.

Why is a pale white not paler than blue, why is a connection made by a
stove, why is the example which is mentioned not shown to be the same,
why is there no adjustment between the place and the separate attention.
Why is there a choice in gamboling. Why is there no necessary dull
stable, why is there a single piece of any color, why is there that
sensible silence. Why is there the resistance in a mixture, why is there
no poster, why is there that in the window, why is there no suggester,
why is there no window, why is there no oyster closer. Why is there a
circular diminisher, why is there a bather, why is there no scraper, why
is there a dinner, why is there a bell ringer, why is there a duster,
why is there a section of a similar resemblance, why is there that
scissor.

South, south which is a wind is not rain, does silence choke speech or
does it not.

Lying in a conundrum, lying so makes the springs restless, lying so is a
reduction, not lying so is arrangeable.

Releasing the oldest auction that is the pleasing some still renewing.

Giving it away, not giving it away, is there any difference. Giving it
away. Not giving it away.

Almost very likely there is no seduction, almost very likely there is no
stream, certainly very likely the height is penetrated, certainly
certainly the target is cleaned. Come to sit, come to refuse, come to
surround, come slowly and age is not lessening. The time which showed
that was when there was no eclipse. All the time that resenting was
removal all that time there was breadth. No breath is shadowed, no
breath is paintaking and yet certainly what could be the use of paper,
paper shows no disorder, it shows no desertion.

Why is there a difference between one window and another, why is there
a difference, because the curtain is shorter. There is no distaste in
beefsteak or in plums or in gallons of milk water, there is no defiance
in original piling up over a roof, there is no daylight in the evening,
there is none there empty.

A tribune, a tribune does not mean paper, it means nothing more than
cake, it means more sugar, it shows the state of lengthening any nose.
The last spice is that which shows the whole evening spent in that
sleep, it shows so that walking is an alleviation, and yet this
astonishes everybody the distance is so sprightly. In all the time there
are three days, those are not passed uselessly. Any little thing is a
change that is if nothing is wasted in that cellar. All the rest of the
chairs are established.

A success, a success is alright when there are there rooms and no
vacancies, a success is alright when there is a package, success is
alright anyway and any curtain is wholesale. A curtain diminishes and an
ample space shows varnish.

One taste one tack, one taste one bottle, one taste one fish, one taste
one barometer. This shows no distinguishing sign when there is a store.

Any smile is stern and any coat is a sample. Is there any use in
changing more doors than there are committees. This question is so often
asked that squares show that they are blotters. It is so very agreeable
to hear a voice and to see all the signs of that expression.

Cadences, real cadences, real cadences and a quiet color. Careful and
curved, cake and sober, all accounts and mixture, a guess at anything is
righteous, should there be a call there would be a voice.

A line in life, a single line and a stairway, a rigid cook, no cook and
no equator, all the same there is higher than that another evasion. Did
that mean shame, it meant memory. Looking into a place that was hanging
and was visible looking into this place and seeing a chair did that mean
relief, it did, it certainly did not cause constipation and yet there is
a melody that has white for a tune when there is straw color. This shows
no face.

Star-light, what is star-light, star-light is a little light that is not
always mentioned with the sun, it is mentioned with the moon and the
sun, it is mixed up with the rest of the time.

Why is the name changed The name is changed because in the little space
there is a tree, in some space there are no trees, in every space there
is a hint of more, all this causes the decision.

Why is there education, there is education because the two tables which
are folding are not tied together with a ribbon, string is used and
string being used there is a necessity for another one and another one
not being used to hearing shows no ordinary use of any evening and yet
there is no disgrace in looking, none at all. This came to separate when
there was simple selection of an entire preoccupation.

A curtain, a curtain which is fastened discloses mourning, this does not
mean sparrows or elocution or even a whole preparation, it means that
there are ears and very often much more altogether.

Climate, climate is not southern, a little glass, a bright winter, a
strange supper an elastic tumbler, all this shows that the back is
furnished and red which is red is a dark color. An example of this is
fifteen years and a separation of regret.

China is not down when there are plates, lights are not ponderous and
incalculable.

Currents, currents are not in the air and on the floor and in the door
and behind it first. Currents do not show it plainer. This which is
mastered has so thin a space to build it all that there is plenty of
room and yet is it quarreling, it is not and the insistence is marked. A
change is in a current and there is no habitable exercise.

A religion, almost a religion, any religion, a quintal in religion, a
relying and a surface and a service in indecision and a creature and a
question and a syllable in answer and more counting and no quarrel and a
single scientific statement and no darkness and no question and an
earned administration and a single set of sisters and an outline and no
blisters and the section seeing yellow and the centre having spelling
and no solitude and no quaintness and yet solid quite so solid and the
single surface centred and the question in the placard and the
singularity, is there a singularity, and the singularity, why is there a
question and the singularity why is the surface outrageous, why is it
beautiful why is it not when there is no doubt, why is anything vacant,
why is not disturbing a centre no virtue, why is it when it is and why
is it when it is and there is no doubt, there is no doubt that the
singularity shows.

A climate, a single climate, all the time there is a single climate, any
time there is a doubt, any time there is music that is to question more
and more and there is no politeness, there is hardly any ordeal and
certainly there is no tablecloth.

This is a sound and obligingness more obligingness leads to a harmony
in hesitation.

A lake a single lake which is a pond and a little water any water which
is an ant and no burning, not any burning, all this is sudden.

A canister that is the remains of furniture and a looking-glass and a
bed-room and a larger size, all the stand is shouted and what is ancient
is practical. Should the resemblance be so that any little cover is
copied, should it be so that yards are measured, should it be so and
there be a sin, should it be so then certainly a room is big enough when
it is so empty and the corners are gathered together.

The change is mercenary that settles whitening the coloring and serving
dishes where there is metal and making yellow any yellow every color in
a shade which is expressed in a tray. This is a monster and awkward
quite awkward and the little design which is flowered which is not
strange and yet has visible writing, this is not shown all the time but
at once, after that it rests where it is and where it is in place. No
change is not needed. That does show design.

Excellent, more excellence is borrowing and slanting very slanting is
light and secret and a recitation and emigration. Certainly shoals are
shallow and nonsense more nonsense is sullen. Very little cake is water,
very little cake has that escape.

Sugar any sugar, anger every anger, lover sermon lover, centre no
distractor, all order is in a measure.

Left over to be a lamp light, left over in victory, left over in saving,
all this and negligence and bent wood and more even much more is not so
exact as a pen and a turtle and even, certainly, and even a piece of the
same experience as more.

To consider a lecture, to consider it well is so anxious and so much a
charity and really supposing there is grain and if a stubble every
stubble is urgent, will there not be a chance of legality. The sound is
sickened and the price is purchased and golden what is golden, a
clergyman, a single tax, a currency and an inner chamber.

Checking an emigration, checking it by smiling and certainly by the same
satisfactory stretch of hands that have more use for it than nothing,
and mildly not mildly a correction, not mildly even a circumstance and a
sweetness and a serenity. Powder, that has no color, if it did have
would it be white.

A whole soldier any whole soldier has no more detail than any case of
measles.

A bridge a very small bridge in a location and thunder, any thunder,
this is the capture of reversible sizing and more indeed more can be
cautious. This which makes monotony careless makes it likely that there
is an exchange in principle and more than that, change in organization.

This cloud does change with the movements of the moon and the narrow the
quite narrow suggestion of the building. It does and then when it is
settled and no sounds differ then comes the moment when cheerfulness is
so assured that there is an occasion.

A plain lap, any plain lap shows that sign, it shows that there is not
so much extension as there would be if there were more choice in
everything. And why complain of more, why complain of very much more.
Why complain at all when it is all arranged that as there is no more
opportunity and no more appeal and not even any more clinching that
certainly now some time has come.

A window has another spelling, it has "f" all together, it lacks no more
then and this is rain, this may even be something else, at any rate
there is no dedication in splendor. There is a turn of the stranger.

Catholic to be turned is to venture on youth and a section of debate, it
even means that no class where each one over fifty is regular is so
stationary that there are invitations.

A curving example makes righteous finger-nails. This is the only object
in secretion and speech.

To being the same four are no more than were taller. The rest had a big
chair and a surveyance a cold accumulation of nausea, and even more than
that, they had a disappointment.

Nothing aiming is a flower, if flowers are abundant then they are lilac,
if they are not they are white in the centre.

Dance a clean dream and an extravagant turn up, secure the steady rights
and translate more than translate the authority, show the choice and
make no more mistakes than yesterday.

This means clearness, it means a regular notion of exercise, it means
more than that, it means liking counting, it means more than that, it
does not mean exchanging a line.

Why is there more craving than there is in a mountain. This does not
seem strange to one, it does not seem strange to an echo and more surely
is in there not being a habit. Why is there so much useless suffering.
Why is there.

Any wet weather means an open window, what is attaching eating, anything
that is violent and cooking and shows weather is the same in the end and
why is there more use in something than in all that.

The cases are made and books, back books are used to secure tears and
church. They are even used to exchange black slippers. They can not be
mended with wax. They show no need of any such occasion.

A willow and no window, a wide place stranger, a wideness makes an
active center.

The sight of no pussy cat is so different that a tobacco zone is white
and cream.

A lilac, all a lilac and no mention of butter, not even bread and
butter, no butter and no occasion, not even a silent resemblance, not
more care than just enough haughty.

A safe weight is that which when it pleases is hanging. A safer weight
is one more naughty in a spectacle. The best game is that which is shiny
and scratching. Please a pease and a cracker and a wretched use of
summer.

Surprise, the only surprise has no occasion. It is an ingredient and the
section the whole section is one season.

A pecking which is petting and no worse than in the same morning is not
the only way to be continuous often.

A light in the moon the only light is on Sunday. What was the sensible
decision. The sensible decision was that notwithstanding many
declarations and more music, not even notwithstanding the choice and a
torch and a collection, notwithstanding the celebrating hat and a
vacation and even more noise than cutting, notwithstanding Europe and
Asia and being overbearing, not even notwithstanding an elephant and a
strict occasion, not even withstanding more cultivation and some
seasoning, not even with drowning and with the ocean being encircling,
not even with more likeness and any cloud, not even with terrific
sacrifice of pedestrianism and a special resolution, not even more
likely to be pleasing. The care with which the rain is wrong and the
green is wrong and the white is wrong, the care with which there is a
chair and plenty of breathing. The care with which there is incredible
justice and likeness, all this makes a magnificent asparagus, and also a
fountain.